Saburo, is that you?
Ah!
Xiao Lang, you scare me again
The legendary bone of the Killing God is indeed on you
What are you doing? Let go
You are not a wolf
keep out the cold
Xiao Lang
My sister-in-law is still alive
Tianji Divine Palm
Yuer, are you alright?
I'm fine, go away
After today is fate
Religion no longer exists
Die
Come and resist
I don't go to keep out the cold, you go quickly
Xiao Lang, be careful
Demon Army
Little Wolf
Little wolf, I won't let you die
Xiao Lang, I have been dead for many years
Infect him tonight
You are the strongest warlord of these three times
Are you crazy?
Just feed me with that kid's body
I just transferred the phoenix pulse to him
Show me the gun
The second brother seems to have gained something today
Take out the money and be bold
I am the young master of Shenyunzong
If you don't kneel down and chop him when you see me